# Environments

The ManageMC API has three different environments, which behave differently and have different underlying data sources.

| Environment | URL                     | Data            | API Keys                  | SLA          |
|-------------|-------------------------|-----------------|---------------------------|--------------|
| production  | `api.managemc.com`      | real, mutable   | generated by customers    | 100% uptime* |
| demo        | `api-demo.managemc.com` | fake, immutable | visible to general public | 99% uptime   |
| local       | `localhost:9070`        | fake, mutable   | generated by developer    | n/a          |

*\* Occasional downtime is inevitable, even from the most reliable cloud services, but our plan is to commit to 100% and then offer automatic reimbursements for any lost time, including scheduled maintenance.*

## Production API

Our production API is the "real" one. This is what is typically consumed by the plugins running on your Minecraft servers. We recommend against consuming the production API as you test things.

## Demo API

The demo API contains realistic but fake test data. This environment is unusual because it (mostly) does not persist state changes. This is incredibly useful for testing purposes because it allows any number of consumers to test at once without creating data collisions, but some features may not work the way you expect.

For instance, you can use the Demo API to ban a player. But you cannot use that ban's ID in subsequent requests because the ban doesn't really exist.

You can find test data on our [demo website](https://demo.managemc.com). If you cannot find the data you need, or if data you relied upon for testing purposes was modified, please reach out for help. We will be improving our test database continuously as we launch. There may be brief periods of downtime.

### Demo API Keys

These keys are visible to the general public and may be used by anyone, even non-customers.

```yaml
public_key: 006d4fdd-8779-4e72-b699-eeaf53fd8203
private_key: zRaHN10wP4oGpNs5qf74Ig

# include this parameter if your application is pretending to be a Minecraft server
group: KitPvP
```

## Local API

This environment is only available to our core developer team.

Developers with access to ManageMC's internal code base can run a local instance of the API which pulls from a local data source that can be modified freely. Most components of the API will work even without an internet connection.
